valentine's day by the way is tomorrow
which this is one of those weird years
women I'm guessing it's weird because
you're expected to have sex on a
Wednesday which is like you know for
those who haven't stopped at CVS to buy
a gift on the way home from work it just
a lot of it was just quick reminder no
grown woman ever wants or needs a
stuffed animal okay this whole
Valentine's thing is Ballantine's day
was made up by the greeting card
companies to trick you into telling your
wife you love her the worst part of
Valentine's Day is when you call to
order flowers and you order the flowers
and then the guy on the other end of the
phone says and what would you like the
card to say now you should rights you
should say something romantic or maybe
even poetic to write in the card but in
order to do that you have to dictate it
to a stranger which is not comfortable I
mean dear Kathy I love you you mean the
world to me happy Valentine's Day love
Snooki bear it's not it's a violation is
what it is see these are the jobs we
need the robots to take from us starting
with that one this is interesting the
White House is releasing their own line
of Valentine's Day cards this year have
you heard about this that's cuz we made
it up but it's funny I guess we're at
the port where anything is believable
anyway you could order these at
whitehouse.gov
there here are some of the cards that
are offering this year the bestseller of
course comes from President Trump
himself he's got his card says I flipped
for you
we've got um I'm never letting that
window press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders has won the White House
categorically denies it is Valentine's
Day no more questions White House
Stephen Miller I want to have your
children deported he said it guys he's
the one he's are on the White House
website all right Donald Trump jr. DJ TJ
I'll be thinking about you in prison his
brother Eric Trump I love you like daddy
loves Jared
speaking of Jared Jared has a card it
says you make my cold dead stare come
alive
melodia has a good car Melania wrote
whatever Michelle Obama said last
Valentine's Day
here is the Speaker of the House Paul
Ryan your lips are sweeter than the
president's ass be my Valentine Mitch
McConnell I'm gonna move on you like a
Mitch and finally Trump's Valentine good
old Vladimir Putin can I inject you into
my Olympic team because you are dope so
take those out boy if you liked that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh